All that we are is the result of what we have thought.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
The greatest wealth is to live content with little.
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
A great man is always willing to be little.
The root of suffering is attachment.
Wisely, and slow. They stumble that run fast.
Keep calm and carry on.
To be, or not to be, that is the question.
That’s one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.
Family is the most important thing in the world.
All I was doing was trying to get home from work.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
I think, therefore I am.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong.
Peace begins with a smile.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Big Brother is watching you.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.
Better to die standing than to live on your knees.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value.
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Our life is frittered away by detail… simplify, simplify.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Well done is better than well said.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
I don’t think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Little by little, one travels far.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls.
God helps those that help themselves.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
No.
Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
Do something worth remembering.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Better to build a bridge than a wall.
Be proud of who you are.
Genius is eternal patience.
Not all those who wander are lost.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.
I would like to die on Mars. Just not on impact.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
It’s fun to do the impossible.
Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never reach it.
We need fantasy to survive reality.
The future starts today, not tomorrow.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
If not us, who? If not now, when?
Stumbling is not falling.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
We are all of us stars, and we deserve to twinkle.
Those who say it can’t be done are usually interrupted by others doing it.
We don’t want to tell our dreams. We want to show them.
Power is not given to you. You have to take it.
You laugh at me because I’m different I laugh at you because you’re all the same.
I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
Learn to value yourself, which means: to fight for your happiness.
You’ll never find a rainbow if you’re looking down.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
If you can’t convince them, confuse them.
I don’t care that they stole my idea… I care that they don’t have any of their own.
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.
Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch.
Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Dream big and dare to fail.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
There are four basic human needs; food, sleep, sex and revenge.
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly.
Deep down you know what you want. Deep down you have what it takes.
I can’t believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
I want the world to be better because I was here.
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.
What’s the tiniest step you can take? Do that first.
I was taught that the way of progress was neither swift nor easy.
I wasn’t there to compete. I was there to win.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Most great people have achieved their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.
To seek greatness is the only righteous vengeance.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
It’s not about excuses. You got a job to do there and do it. Find a way to be effective and not make excuses but just man up and play.
Learn to be comfortable in the uncomfortable. Learn to be peaceful, not bored. Learn to be inspired, not scared.
What you want exists. Don’t settle until you get it.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot. Make it hot by striking.
Work hard now, suffer and keep it up. Rewards are at the edge.
The question isn’t who is going to let me, it’s who is going to stop me.
Hard work compounds like interest, and the earlier you do it, the more time you have for the benefits to pay off.
A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent.
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
There’s no talent here, this is hard work. This is an obsession.
Your hard work and focus will give you speed. Your thoughts and judgments will give you direction.
In order to master a field, you must love the subject and feel a profound connection to it. Your interest must transcend the field itself and border on the religious.
When you find the right thing to do, and people to work with, invest deeply into that, and stick with it for decades.
Work ethic beats talent when talent doesn’t work.
Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they’re making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that’s the difference.
You can’t get there by bus, only by hard work and risk and by not quite knowing what you’re doing. What you’ll discover will be wonderful. What you’ll discover will be yourself.
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
A boy seeks shortcuts. A man values hard work.
You can outwork 95% of people by just showing up every day.
90% of maturity is getting over the fear of hard work.
You are not rewarded for hard work. You’re rewarded for creating something of value. So don’t work extra hard on something you’re not sure anyone even wants.
Going all-in on something will make you feel alive and ultimately, satisfied.
Inspiration usually comes during work rather than before it.
We did not come to fear the future. We came here to shape it.
Work. Keep digging your well. Water is there somewhere.
Masters have experienced endless criticisms of their work, doubts about their progress, and setbacks along the way.
Success is the sum of small efforts – repeated day in and day out.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.
Silence is a source of great strength.
Strength is a matter of a made up mind.
This is the mark of a really admirable man: steadfastness in the face of trouble.
Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.
Normalize being a little crazy for what you believe in.
If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
We do not have to become heroes overnight. Just a step at a time, meeting each thing that comes up, seeing it is not as dreadful as it appeared, discovering we have the strength to stare it down.
Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power.
Do not pray for an easy life. Pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
For what it’s worth: it’s never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you’re proud of, and if you find you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start over again.
There’s nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you.
Courage isn’t having the strength to go on, it is going on when you don’t have the strength.
When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
To have become a deeper man is the privilege of those who have suffered.
Yielding will overcome anything superior to itself; its strength is boundless.
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Better to fight and fall than to live without hope.
You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice.
People do not lack strength, they lack will.
Strength doesn’t come from winning.
A calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence.
If you have no struggles, you’ll have no strength.
Never give up. Great things take time.
Growth is overrated. Endurance is underrated.
Problems are messages.
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Falling down is an accident. Staying down is a choice.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
The only thing that can stop me, is me.
Adversity is the first path to truth.
Heroism is endurance for one moment more.
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.
The bamboo that bends is stronger than the oak that resists.
I’ve never met a strong person with an easy past.
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they haven’t half the strength you think they have.
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Life is very interesting. In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths.
Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you.
You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have.
Perhaps I am stronger than I think.
The task ahead of you is never greater than the strength within you.
In the mountains of truth you will never climb in vain; either you will get up higher today or you will exercise your strength so as to be able to get up higher tomorrow.
Problems are the price you pay for progress.
Freedom comes from strength and self-reliance.
You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
Character is determined by choice, not opinion.
It’s not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
The man who has done his best has done everything.
Fools give up fast. Strong men persevere. The wise keep going forever.
A relationship where you can be weird together is your best choice.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
Treat everyone as if they were a guest in your own house, because in reality, they are a guest in your own world.
Never ask, “Who is my real friend?” Ask, “Am I a real friend to somebody?” That is the right question.
Be a loving person rather than in a love relationship.
When your heart has room for everybody then your heart is full of love.
Love is at the root of everything. All learning. All parenting. All relationships. Love, or the lack of it.
There’s only one thing more precious than our time and that’s who we spend it on.
In a sense, people are our proper occupation. Our job is to do them good and put up with them.
Stay away from people who makes you feel like you are wasting their time.
If you love yourself you love others, if you hate yourself you hate others, because in relationship with others it is only you mirrored.
If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love friends for their sake rather than for our own.
My experience is that the teachers we need most are the people we’re living with right now.
The most amazing friends – the ones who make life worth living – tend to be the ones who defy convention.
People are unreasonable, illogical, and self-centered. Love them anyway.
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.
My friends are my estate.
We get so wrapped up in numbers in our society. The most important thing is that we are able to be one-to-one, you and I with each other at the moment.
I’ve come to understand that listening is one of the most important things we can do for one another… if we care, we can listen.
When our friends are present, we ought to treat them well; and when they are absent, to speak of them well.
When humans are ranked instead of linked, everyone loses.
You’ll have to drop this desire for attention, this desire for getting sympathy from people. In fact, it is very ugly to desire sympathy from people – it makes you a beggar.
The more you judge, the more you separate yourself.
Politeness and consideration for others is like investing pennies and getting dollars back.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
There are many times when it is better to be kind than clever.
Remember to stay away from people who have a problem for every solution.
Friendship isn’t a big thing – it’s a million little things.
When you lose a possession, you realize that you valued it too much. When you lose a person, you realize that you didn’t value them enough.
Quit wanting them to be the way you want them to be. Just love them.
Eliminate time spent with people who would rather drone on about their misery than hear about your successes.
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. Welcome those who you are capable of improving. The process is a mutual one: men learn as they teach.
You should never be afraid of people… such fear can destroy us completely. You’ve simply got to get rid of it, if you want to turn into someone decent. You understand that, don’t you?
Hold onto people who feel like home.
We’re human beings; we’re not robots. And face-to-face contact is something totally different than typing a text message and then forgetting about it.
Everyone is normal until you get to know them.
Never look up to anybody, never look down on anybody. You look them eye to eye.
We’re often afraid of being vulnerable, but vulnerability creates genuine connection.
We humans definitely need other people to keep us human.
So much of life is being present with the people you love.
Seek first to understand, then to be understood.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
We are like chameleons. We take our hue and the color of our moral character, from those who are around us.
Tell me with whom you consort and I will tell you who you are; if I know how you spend your time, then I know what might become of you.
We must bear up against them and make the best of mankind as they are, since we cannot make them as we wish.
Genuine friendship is not based on money and power, but on trust, which in turn develops as a result of showing concern for other people’s well-being. In other words, friendship is founded on warm-heartedness.
I’m Tibetan, I’m Buddhist and I’m the Dalai Lama, but if I emphasize these differences it sets me apart and raises barriers with other people. What we need to do is to pay more attention to the ways in which we are the same as other people.
It’s better to hang out with people better than you.
The aim of spiritual practice is to become the friend of all beings, concerned and ready and able to help them.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Do not cling to any one person, not even your most beloved: every person is a prison and also a hiding place.
To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind.
We are so different, yet so much the same.
Do not waste time bothering whether you ‘love’ your neighbor; act as if you did. As soon as we do this we find one of the great secrets. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him.
The deepest principle of human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.
Avoid boring people.
People aren’t projects.
Compliment people behind their back.
#1 relationship rule: over communicate.
Without relationships, we have nothing.
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can’t figure out what from.
Give without a sense of superiority or charity.
Trust yourself, you will start to trust others.
Nobody raises his reputation by lowering others.
You don’t know yourself – how can you know others.
Stop networking, start making friends.
Never chase a person running away from themselves.
Take a lover who looks at you like maybe you are magic.
Of each other, we should be kind while there is still time.
When you love someone you want to take care of that person as you would take care of yourself.
Nobody is superior, nobody is inferior but nobody is equal either. People are simply unique, incomparable. You are you, I am I.
Become what you want to see in the world and it will be so. If you want an amazing relationship with your partner, be an amazing partner. If you want people to be thoughtful and kind, be thoughtful and kind. Small changes in your actions change your entire world.
We must each adopt as much responsibility as possible for individual life, society and the world. We must each tell the truth and repair what is in disrepair and break down and recreate what is old and outdated. It is in this manner that we can and must reduce the suffering that poisons the world. It’s asking a lot. It’s asking for everything.
What I really would like said about me is that I dared to love. By love, I mean that condition in the human spirit so profound it encourages us to develop courage and build bridges, and then to trust those bridges and cross the bridges in moments when hope seems to have vanished.
A life is either all spiritual or not spiritual at all. No man can serve two masters. Your life is shaped by the end you live for. You are made in the image of what you desire.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Love is not about possession, it’s about appreciation.
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
Love is not about how many days, months, or years you have been with someone. Love is about how much you love them every single day.
Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.
Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It’s not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end.
Love is not about how many days, months, or years you have been with someone. Love is about how much you love them every single day.
Love is not about possession, it’s about appreciation.
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
A life is either all spiritual or not spiritual at all. No man can serve two masters. Your life is shaped by the end you live for. You are made in the image of what you desire.
What I really would like said about me is that I dared to love. By love, I mean that condition in the human spirit so profound it encourages us to develop courage and build bridges, and then to trust those bridges and cross the bridges in moments when hope seems to have vanished.
We must each adopt as much responsibility as possible for individual life, society and the world. We must each tell the truth and repair what is in disrepair and break down and recreate what is old and outdated. It is in this manner that we can and must reduce the suffering that poisons the world. It’s asking a lot. It’s asking for everything.
Become what you want to see in the world and it will be so. If you want an amazing relationship with your partner, be an amazing partner. If you want people to be thoughtful and kind, be thoughtful and kind. Small changes in your actions change your entire world.
Nobody is superior, nobody is inferior but nobody is equal either. People are simply unique, incomparable. You are you, I am I.
When you love someone you want to take care of that person as you would take care of yourself.
Of each other, we should be kind while there is still time.
Take a lover who looks at you like maybe you are magic.
Never chase